S4 Mk3 screens setup (#786)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/native_instruments_traktor_kontrol_s4_mk3.rst

Native Instruments Traktor Kontrol S4 MK3
=========================================

The Kontrol S4 MK3 is a 4 deck all-in-one controller with a sturdy build quality and integrated sound card.
Compared to the MK2 and MK1, it also have motorised shiny aluminum jogwheels, screens and a set of pads which can be use for
various features.

The S4 MK3 uses the standard :term:`HID` protocol for the Buttons, Knobs, Faders and LEDs, and extends it for the motorized Jog-Wheels.
The screens use a USB Bulk transfer. Mixxx doesn't support rendering content for external screens yet.

> The easiest way to tell the MK3 apart from the other MK1 and 2 are these screens, displace between the "Move" and "Loop" encoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to tell the MK3 apart from the MK1 and Mk2 models are these screens, placed in between the "Move" and "Loop" encoders.
```

be, which can be a problem if you are also using other software, since you audio setting will suddenly become twice as loud. It remains unclear whether or not this was a common issue or if
this was specific to the used setup.

Screens
^^^^^^^

The controller screens are supported, but they require a little bit of tinkering. Due to the legacy controller engine, the screen are driven by a separate mapping, which will have to be set
independently of the controller mapping.

   .. note:: The screens rendering is done using QML and the communication is achieved via BULK USB endpoint. Both of these feature are not available out of the box on Windows and Mac for now.

By default, the screens are standalone, meaning they do not interact with the device states. This means that local state such as deck selection or shifting will not trigger any screen interaction,
and thus you should expect only Deck A and B to be displayed on these screen by default, although this can be changed in the controller settings.

>    .. note:: it exists an API that was temporary parked that allows mappings to communicate. If you want, you may `download <https://github.com/acolombier/mixxx/actions/runs/13751974244?pr=10>` or build a version of Mixxx with `this feature <https://github.com/acolombier/mixxx/pull/10>` and it should automatically work on the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note:: It exists an API that was temporarily parked that allows mappings to communicate. If you want, you may `download pre-built binaries <https://github.com/acolombier/mixxx/actions/runs/13751974244?pr=10>` or build a version of Mixxx with `this feature <https://github.com/acolombier/mixxx/pull/10>` and it should automatically work on the controller.
```

.. _use-motors:

Motors
^^^^^^

Haptic feedback (know as Haptic Drive (TM)) are partially implemented. Supported features include jogwheel tensions and turntable mode but these features remains in beta and
may sometime have unexpected behaviours. Since there is no guarantee on the long term effect to the controller of how Mixxx implements these features, they are disabled by default.
You can enable them by setting `UseMotors` to `true` in :ref:`settings`.

Mapping Description
-------------------

.. _jogwheel-modes:

Jogwheel modes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Jogwheel can be used to control various things, depending of the mode they are in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The jogwheel can be used to control various things, depending on the mode they are in.
```
"on" is correct here
